README.md, before:


# Code.gov API - Unlocking the potential of the Federal Government’s software.

## Introduction

[Code.gov](https://code.gov) is a website promoting good practices in code development, collaboration, and reuse across the U.S.  Government. Code.gov will provide tools and guidance to help agencies implement the [Federal Source Code Policy](https://sourcecode.cio.gov). It will include an inventory of the government's custom code to promote reuse between agencies. And it will provide tools to help government and the public collaborate on open source projects.

This repository is home to the code powering the code.gov API. To learn more about the project, check out the main [Code.gov project README](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-pm/blob/master/README.md

## Summary

We've created a suite of tools available at localhost:3001/

* Search repos: (localhost:3001/) search available repos that have been harvested into the database
* harvest JSON files: (localhost:3001/harvest) pull the latest set of agency repositories as defined in agency_endpoint.json
* Run API: (localhost:3001/api) an api to browse various agency repo json files in full
* Create/convert inventories: (localhost:3001/convert) tools to create/convert code repository schemas into the latest metadata schema


## Install
Please install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) first 
```
npm install
node codegovapi
```

## Contributing

Here’s how you can help contribute to code.gov: 

* Source Code Policy 
  * To provide feedback on the [Federal Source Code Policy](https://sourcecode.cio.gov/), you should follow [this issue tracker](https://github.com/WhiteHouse/source-code-policy/issues)

* Code.gov 
    * To provide feedback on [the code.gov website], you should follow this [repository](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web) and [this issues tracker](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues).
    * If you aren't sure where your question or idea fits, this is a good place to share it.

## Questions? 

If you have questions, please feel [free to open an issue here](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues): [https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues) or send us an email at [code@listserv.gsa.gov].

## Public domain

As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> [..] this project is in the worldwide public domain (in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)).

> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.

Commit message:

updated readme to reflect changes to code-gov-tools

README.md, after:


# Code.gov Tools - Unlocking the potential of the Federal Government’s software.

## Introduction

[Code.gov](https://code.gov) is a website promoting good practices in code development, collaboration, and reuse across the U.S.  Government. Code.gov will provide tools and guidance to help agencies implement the [Federal Source Code Policy](https://sourcecode.cio.gov). It will include an inventory of the government's custom code to promote reuse between agencies. And it will provide tools to help government and the public collaborate on open source projects.

This repository is home to the code powering code.gov. To learn more about the project, check out the main [Code.gov project README](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-pm/blob/master/README.md

## Summary

We've created a suite of tools available at localhost:3001/

* Search repos: (localhost:3001/) search available repos that have been harvested into the database
* harvest JSON files: (localhost:3001/harvest) pull the latest set of agency repositories as defined in agency_endpoint.json
* Run API: (localhost:3001/api) an api to browse various agency repo json files in full
* Create/convert inventories: (localhost:3001/convert) tools to create/convert code repository schemas into the latest metadata schema


## Install
Please install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) first 
```
npm install
node codegovapi
```

## Configuration
1. In codegovapi.js, you'll need to update the credentials for your local MongoDB server and create a database (e.g., "testdatabase").

Find the line the says:
```
/* REPLACE 'process.env.MONGURI' with the URI for your local MongoDB instance */
var mongoDetails = process.env.MONGOURI;
```
2. Update the URI for mongoDB to match this format
```
mongodb://username:password@host:port/testdatabase
```

3.  Create a collection called 'repos' to house the repositories.

## Contributing

Here’s how you can help contribute to code.gov: 

* Source Code Policy 
  * To provide feedback on the [Federal Source Code Policy](https://sourcecode.cio.gov/), you should follow [this issue tracker](https://github.com/WhiteHouse/source-code-policy/issues)

* Code.gov 
    * To provide feedback on [the code.gov website], you should follow this [repository](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web) and [this issues tracker](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues).
    * If you aren't sure where your question or idea fits, this is a good place to share it.

## Questions? 

If you have questions, please feel [free to open an issue here](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues): [https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/code-gov-web/issues) or send us an email at [code@listserv.gsa.gov].

## Public domain

As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> [..] this project is in the worldwide public domain (in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)).

> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.
